Support RabbitMQ Prometheus Metrics (#13662)
DataDog/integrations-core: rabbitmq/README.md

### Configuration

Rabbitmq exposes metrics in two ways: the [RabbitMQ Management Plugin][4] and the [Rabbitmq Prometheus Plugin][19]. The RabbitMQ integration supports both of these plugins.

#### Prepare RabbitMQ

##### [RabbitMQ Prometheus Plugin][19].

> For your convenience the following table helps map metrics coming from the Management plugin to their Prometheus plugin equivalents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table helps map metrics coming from the Management plugin to their Prometheus plugin equivalents.
```

### Configuration

> Rabbitmq exposes metrics in two ways: the [RabbitMQ Management Plugin][4] and the [Rabbitmq Prometheus Plugin][19]. We support both of these plugins.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Rabbitmq exposes metrics in two ways: the [RabbitMQ Management Plugin][4] and the [Rabbitmq Prometheus Plugin][19]. The RabbitMQ integration supports both of these plugins.
```

#### Prepare RabbitMQ

> These steps are only needed for the [RabbitMQ Management Plugin][4]. Starting with Rabbitmq v3.8 the [Rabbitmq Prometheus Plugin][19] is enabled by default and our integration communicates with it over an HTTP API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
##### [RabbitMQ Management Plugin][4]. 

__Note: Starting with RabbitMQ v3.8, the [Rabbitmq Prometheus Plugin][19] is enabled by default and our integration communicates with it over an HTTP API.__
```

### Configuration

Rabbitmq exposes metrics in two ways: the [RabbitMQ Management Plugin][4] and the [Rabbitmq Prometheus Plugin][19]. The RabbitMQ integration supports both of these plugins.

#### Prepare RabbitMQ

> ##### [RabbitMQ Prometheus Plugin][19].

Reviewer 3: We're only using OMv2 for the prometheus setup right? Do you think we should leave a disclaimer that this is only available for python3?

Reviewer 2: Good point, I'll add that

2. [Restart the Agent][8].

> ##### Migrating from Management Plugin to Prometheus Plugin.

Reviewer 2: Let's move this section under `Preparing RabbitMQ`, above the management plugin instructions.

```suggestion
##### RabbitMQ Prometheus Plugin
```
We can put the remap table in a new section at the bottom

> ##### Migrating from Management Plugin to Prometheus Plugin.
> 
> If you were using this integration with the Rabbitmq Management Plugin and would like to switch to the Prometheus Plugin, this section is for you.
> 
> You can switch the configuration by introducing a `prometheus_plugin` section in your instance configuration. As soon as you do so, any settings related to the Management Plugin are ignored. Below is an example of a minimal config sufficient to make the switch.
> 
> ```yaml
> instances:
>   - prometheus_plugin:
>       url: http://<HOST>:15692
> ```
> 
> This enables scraping of the [`/metrics` endpoint][20] on one rabbitmq node.

Reviewer 2: Let's move this section under `Preparing RabbitMQ`, above the management plugin instructions.

```suggestion
##### RabbitMQ Prometheus Plugin
```
We can put the remap table in a new section at the bottom

Author: 👍 I'll apply your suggestion then do the move locally
